I'm gonna show you a Mediterranean way
to prepare shrimp that will allow your
guests at any cocktail party or make a
five-minute weeknight meal this is
really the easiest recipe I think I've
ever done on these episodes it's a
two-minute recipe and it just requires a
few ingredients 1/2 of an onion about 5
cloves of garlic about 1/2 a cup of
olive oil and the juice of one lemon and
of course salt and pepper to taste I've
got a pound of shrimp waiting to be
marinated so we've got a half of an
onion which I'm just gonna slice some
quarters before sticking in my little
food processor right here add to it the
garlic and then add the lemon juice and
the olive oil
that's whoops grind this up until it's
nice and smooth we're gonna pour this
over our shrimp which we're just gonna
season with just salt and pepper it's
very basic I don't suggest marinating it
too long or else it's gonna end up being
like a ceviche so we're gonna season
this with some salt so what I'm gonna do
is heat up just a tablespoon of oil in a
pan when your pan frying anything make
sure that the heats really high and the
oil is properly heated because that way
your food won't stick if you put your
shrimp on a cold pan or cold oil it'll
stick and it'll be hard to flip over
look at all that garlic and oil so just
put a few so that it's not crowded into
the pan too much I think it's pretty
sizzling it's try out one there's some
sizzle all right I think we're good to
go
now shrimp only needs to be cooked about
a minute each side it doesn't take very
long you don't want it to be too tough
and you'll start to see at the bottom if
it's been cooked they're turning pink
that's the time to flip it over it's a
very low calorie food with the maximum
amount of protein so it's great for
those who are watching their weight and
one eat a healthy protein that tastes
delicious
what I'm going to do is lay the shrimp
on this this is a frico pilaf you might
have known in some of my other videos I
use that freaka grain which is very
popular in the Middle East
well I cook that in some vegetable broth
along with some Parmesan cheese some
zucchini and some carrots some olive oil
and that's gonna make a perfect bed for
the shrimp and let's just pile them on
top of the pilaf like this there we go
my last shrimp here on this peel off now
for the finishing touch I'm gonna add a
little bit of crack back black pepper
and garnish it with some colace this is
a really easy entertaining dish it's a
great dish for brunch for inviting the
ladies for tea or for just any weekday
you could even pack this up in your
lunch and eat it at work I've done that
before and it's definitely gotten
attention from my coworkers
thank you for joining me on facing the
Middle East go to peace in the Middle
East calm for other recipe ideas you can
also find me on Facebook at watch's
feast in the Middle East
remember to subscribe and like it ok
until next time sigh did
so what
you